[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Welcome
back to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And we are here with
our guest, Emery Smith.
This episode we're
going to be discussing
extraterrestrial coworkers.
Emery, welcome back to the show.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks,
Dave, for having me.
>>DAVID: I didn't
realize, actually,
that you were in some cases
working on these autopsies
with people who were
not of Earth origin.
So could you start to lay out
for us under what circumstances
you might have someone
in the OR with you
who is a completely separate
type of person than what we're
used to here on Earth?
>>SMITH: First I would like
to start off by saying,
not all extraterrestrials are
100% of not human genetic DNA.
We have an Arcturan that's only
75% Arcturan, and maybe 10%
Pleiadian, and another, the
residual of that, human.
So for the most part, most
extraterrestrians actually
have our same human DNA.
It's just that over
millions of years
they have been
intertwining and getting
new types of genetic
formations by mixing
different DNAs and different
types of extraterrestrials.
>>DAVID: So is the
theory that there
are actual travels going on and
interbreeding in ancient past?
>>SMITH: Exactly.
And the past also is the future.
So you have to think that
these extraterrestrials are
a few million years ahead of us,
actually were us at one time.
So it's actually some
of our DNA in there--
our children's children's
children's children's DNA
could be possibly part
of the extraterrestrial
that we are seeing today
because they have already
mastered time travel and portal
travel and things like this.
So the time is, you can't
really say the time because time
really doesn't exist.
But these extraterrestrials
did have descendants
that were from Earth.
>>DAVID: OK, so you mentioned
an Arcturian who might also
have some human genetics.
If we saw this Arcturian
what would it look like?
>>SMITH: Well, there's many
different types of Arcturians
just like there's
many different types
of humans on planet Earth.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: Some of the
Arcturians that I
worked with do look
very human like,
but they're a lot more robust.
And they're larger, some are
seven to eight feet tall.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Some are actually of
really ancient descent, which
their genetics have not changed
over time, which they did not
intermingle with other
extraterrestrials.
And some of those actually
looked like a rock formation,
like that--
one of those superheroes
that's made out
of the rock you see on TV and--
>>DAVID: Like in
"The Fantastic Four."
>>SMITH: Like "The
Fantastic Four."
And they don't-- they look
like they're hard and rock,
but they're not.
They actually have a
spongy type feel to them,
kind of like an actual
sea sponge where
it's very porous material.
They are usually a gold
or an orange type color.
And they are very robust with
a large Cro-Magnon type skull,
which is a little bit--
about twice the size of
our heads and a lot, like I
said, more robust looking.
And they have been
spotted on the projects
many time in many
different ways.
And then there are
Arcturans that are actually
more human looking, which just
have a very robust muscular
looking body-builder
type look to them,
but a lot more Cro-Magnon as
far as the skull features.
And the bones are about three
times as dense as a human's.
>>DAVID: Wow.
So let's take this
discussion of the operating
room a little farther.
For some reason when you and
I talked about this years ago,
I was under the
impression that you just
went in there by yourself.
You did the autopsy by yourself.
You had some people speaking
to you through the intercom
and that was it.
But it doesn't sound
like that now based
on some of the things
we've been talking about.
>>SMITH: The first
year was like that,
until I got higher
classification and cl--
security clearance.
After that I was
brought into what
they call multi-level projects,
which means it's not just me
going in there harvesting
a piece of tissue.
But you're actually harvesting
many different kinds of tissue
and also working with
the being's craft.
So these projects could have up
to three teams of 15 scientists
and physicians and
technicians working
on just one being and one craft.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: And some of those
scientists and physicians
are actually of un-Earth origin,
this is the term they use,
which are extraterrestrials.
Which have volunteered
either after being captured
or volunteered
through the system,
through the
compartmentalized program,
to work to actually help us.
Because they kind of
actually feel bad sometimes,
even after we capture them
and beat the heck out of them
and do horrible things to them.
They actually turn
around and willingly want
to help us and stay
with us and teach them
about their own
physiological phenotypes,
about their own race.
>>DAVID: Would you say that
these extraterrestrials
are benevolent?
>>SMITH: Yes.
I would say they're benevolent.
I would say they're a very
humanitarian type of thought
process.
They're a lot smarter than us.
They could actually at any
time probably do damage to us
or hurt us with their
telekinesis and telepathic
abilities, but they don't.
>>DAVID: So, there you
are in an operating room.
And you're saying that
in some of these cases,
you might have an
extraterrestrial and a craft.
And you're working on
both at the same time.
>>SMITH: They usually keep the
extraterrestrials and the craft
separate.
So you might have a
bay not too far away,
maybe within 300 meters--
which is very close,
by the way, because these things
are so spread out underground,
you know up to 10 miles in
diameter some of these bases.
And you will have the being,
the being is separate.
And then you'll have the
craft in another bay.
These are all very clean areas,
which I can describe in detail.
And I might be actually
assisting an extraterrestrial,
helping complete the mission,
whatever the mission is--
gathering frequencies
using devices,
or gathering tissue
samples, or running
special tests of the
bodies, which actually they
can scan the whole body and
3D print that body later on.
>>DAVID: Hm.
So could you give
us some examples now
of what kind of being
might you actually
see as a coworker in the
operating room with you?
Just start to go through--
>>SMITH: Sure.
Like, some of the first
ones I want to go over
are like the beings that
are monkey like, human.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: And their pelvises are
not spread out like a monkey,
by the way.
They all stand very
erect like we do.
But they have the
formation of, you know,
a monkey's look, with
longer hair and the face
is more pronounced like
a human without a snout.
And--
>>DAVID: So it's not necessarily
like "Planet of the Apes,"
but they're still more of an
ape-like appearance than us?
>>SMITH: Very ape-like
appearance but more human like.
And not that much fur
on the face, by the way,
just around it and
around the body.
And they speak very well.
They have great vocal cords.
They have a problem, though,
with high pitch sounds.
So they have to wear
special things in their ear
when we work with them
that actually tones down
the sound of just our own voice.
And of course they pick up
on different frequencies
from electromagnetic fields
and TVs and computers.
There's these high
pitched sounds
they give off that really
distorts them and allows them
to come actually ill if they
don't have these protective ear
plugs in.
>>DAVID: This is a bizarre
thing because one of the groups
that Pete Peterson told
me about was a simian
group that he called Simulacs.
And in that case
they had genetically
modified their hands so that
their fingers were actually
these prehensile
tail like things.
They had done some genetic
modification on themselves.
>>SMITH: Yes, I've seen a
lot of genetic modification
on humans and extraterrestrials
for different projects
that were not normal
from their lineage.
And I did notice a couple of
these in and out very rarely,
but they do come about.
And you know, we don't get
to sometimes, of course,
sit down and have
lunch with these beings
and talk unless we're actually
working closely with them.
But the people that look like
these monkeys and apes that
stand very erect also do
not have that thumb that
sticks out like on a gorilla.
It actually can
actually grasp stuff.
Their hands are also not
large and bulky like you
would see as an ape.
That's actually a
thinner, longer fingers,
and a very broad palm.
So great operating thumb.
>>DAVID: Do we know where these
ape-like people originated
from?
Did you get any briefings
on their system or anything
like that?
>>SMITH: I believe these
come from multiple systems,
including Arcturus and Sirius
and Spica, that area of space.
And because the
genetic lineage of DNA
that I was reading in
the library at the time
did pinpoint a lot of
these ape-like human beings
from these systems,
that they all
had similar genetics
from each system.
So you might have one that's
mixed with other ET systems.
But all the DNA was the same.
I mean, the same meaning
they had all the same ape
DNA, whether it be 30% or 90%.
>>DAVID: Mm.
So what is their agenda here?
>>SMITH: Yeah, there's
obviously something going on
behind the scenes that
I'm not privy to know.
But what I believe
is that these beings
that we either caught or
captured or volunteered
to come here that are working
with either the government
or the military or the
Cabal on different occasions
for different projects,
are strictly humanitarian.
And they don't have
any agenda at all.
And they could probably easily
take out a lot of people
if they really wanted to but
they don't have that feeling.
Being next to one of these
extraterrestrials, by the way,
including the Ant people
and the Mantis people,
you have a really
beautiful self feeling
being in their energy fields.
And people have actually
had miraculous healings
by being on these craft
and working on the craft
and working just in the
vicinity of an extraterrestrial.
>>DAVID: How does that work?
>>SMITH: I do not
know how that works.
I think it's electromagnetic
of some frequency that
allows the body, their body that
already generates a very, very
high vibration, it actually
brings our vibration up
so our cells are running
at a specific voltage
so our own cells
can heal ourself.
>>DAVID: Interesting.
OK, so you also mentioned
Ant people and Mantis people.
So could you walk through for
us what that would be like?
You said it was enjoyable
to be around them.
I think most people, without a
lot of vetting and preparation,
would be extremely frightened
if they saw an adult human sized
insect that appeared
to be intelligent
standing in front of them.
>>SMITH: Yes.
I don't have fear
of any ETs, and I've
seen some really gross
disgusting looking things,
that people would probably
just associate with pop culture
or just, you know, things
that we don't like to see.
Such as, we have an
inner emotion just
by seeing the color
red, blood, which
is an emergency color for us.
And you have to understand
that these ETs do not
see just like we do in just
our normal color spectrum.
Some of these ETs see in
variable, many variable colors,
spectrums of light.
Which means they can
see things we can't see,
even X-ray vision
for some of them.
Some of them have special
coatings on their eyes.
Like some of the reptilian forms
have three different layers
that they can put on their
eyes to see in different light
spectrums at will.
Some of the Ant people also
have this amazing ability
to see through things and to
hear things that we can't hear
and to actually look
into you and can
tell if there's
something wrong with you,
if you have a
disease or whatnot.
>>DAVID: Like X-ray vision.
>>SMITH: Yeah, like
X-ray vision, a kind
of light spectrum that
we're not aware of yet
here on Earth
because alls we have
is the eyes of all
the animals here
that we've studied for our
entire lifetime and humans.
But it's completely different.
Some of them actually have to
wear goggles just to live here
and to be here because
the light is too much.
It actually enhances light.
They come from
places where there's
complete darkness for a human,
that we would not even see--
darker, dark as a black hole.
But they can see things.
>>DAVID: So let's stop on
the Ant people for a second.
Can you recall an
example of an autopsy
you were working on where you
were assisted by an Ant person?
And just walk us through
what that was, what happened.
>>SMITH: Well the
interesting thing
about these
autopsies, too, is you
have to understand there's
different types of suits
that we use, of course, for
different types of races.
So an extraterrestrial
ant person suit
does not look like my suit that
I work with in the operating
room at all.
And these are
self-contained atmospheres.
And some of these
extraterrestrials
have to have a special
atmosphere, or a vacuum,
for them to actually
work here on the planet.
And they also look
a lot different
than we do as far as the body.
The Ant people have these
very, very thin but very strong
arms and legs.
And you're looking at them
because it's basically
75% thinner than our own femurs,
but yet incredibly more durable
than our femurs.
And then you have
the robust body
that could be segmented
or non-segmented depending
on where they're from.
And then you have the face.
And a lot of people do
comment on the face.
They could have a double
mouth or pinchers on the face,
and a lot of tentacles,
and a lot of little things
coming out of their
face that kind of
might look a little gruesome.
You might hear one speak.
They have special
voice box analyzers
that come on their
neck and in their ears,
sometimes in their
mouth, that translates
into a human language, whether
it be English or Russian.
And they talk multiple
languages through these things.
And it does sound
not like our voices.
It's a little more
higher pitch actually.
And the screeching
of that sometimes is
upsetting to some people,
and could be maybe
a little scary on your
first visit in one
of these extraterrestrials,
especially when
you see their
mouths open and you
can see all the layers inside.
Which is just a normal thing.
You know, it's nothing.
They're not trying
to be negative.
But we perceive it to be
negative because it's not
a smile, that's for sure.
>>DAVID: Right.
I remember Pete
Peterson telling me
about being at this
Antarctic base where
there were several types of
ETs including a Mantis type.
And that when it would laugh,
that it would put his head down
because all the
mandibles would--
there was three on each
side and they would open up.
And it was so disturbing for
us that it learned to just put
its head down when it laughed.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
What's more disturbing
is how we laugh to them.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>SMITH: One of the most
hideous sounds I've ever heard,
you ever think about it and
put yourself on their side
and start laughing.
What an interesting
sound that may
be for them, because it's
not a normal vocal vibration
for sure.
>>DAVID: Sure.
Now Pete also had talked
about-- it's really interesting
how similar this all
sounds, because Pete
had described the Mantis
being and how it spoke.
And he said that there was some
kind of orifice on its back
that it had to
essentially belch out of,
and that it had figured
out how to turn this
into speech somehow.
That it was this very kind
of strange sounding thing.
And Pete had dialogue with the
being about this at one point
and it said, well, imagine
how gross you are to me.
>>SMITH: Right, exactly.
What is that thing, that
big hole on your face, sir?
It's neat to do the perspective,
for humans to turn it around.
I want everyone to do that.
Think about how you would
react to one of these.
Could you accept them
because of the way they look?
>>DAVID: Well, how do you
feel when you're around one
of these insectoids, let's say?
>>SMITH: Oh, they're
very comical.
I mean, they're very--
they have great communication.
The insectoids are very
loving, caring energies.
They actually
tease you sometimes
with their intelligence.
They get a little pun out of
saying things and doing things
around you.
>>DAVID: Well, so
much of what we
have in terms of
human empathy comes
from these extremely subtle
muscular movements in our eyes
and how that makes us look.
But with a set of compound eyes
you just have a bunch of dots
that wouldn't have
any soul at all.
So how would you feel humor
from a being like this when you
can't get any eye information?
>>SMITH: You don't need to
because a lot of this energy
is telepathic and telekinetic.
So you actually feel happy.
You might, like you
get chills walking
into a dark room at night
because you might feel a ghost.
But it's the opposite.
It actually enlightens you.
It actually puts
you in a good mood.
And your body picks up on this.
And a lot of communication
in a lot of species
out there with
extraterrestrials is all
based on just that
without vocalness.
It's all just looking at
each other and gathering
information.
Just like dogs look at their
owners at one side of the face
and it tells them
everything they
need to know of how you feel.
>>DAVID: So you feel
this sense of humor
and this personality
coming from the being
without any facial cues at
all that you would normally
recognize?
>>SMITH: Right, because
a lot of these insectoids
have just a very hard
skin, very reflective skin.
That there is no, all these
muscles moving up and down.
They don't have a
muscular structure
except to open and close
their mouth or eyeballs.
They don't have a flaring of
the nostrils, which we pick up
on subliminally just as humans.
So it's a very
different feeling.
It's different aspects
of communication.
>>DAVID: So let's go back
again to the Ant people.
And I had asked you to walk
us through a specific example
of where you were doing an
autopsy with an Ant person.
Like what were they there for
and what were you autopsying?
>>SMITH: There was a big project
where they found multiple Ant
people that were somehow killed
by chemicals of some sort.
And there was a lot
of them that were
brought into the facility I
remember, by the truckloads
actually.
>>DAVID: Did you
have any idea where
these casualties happened?
>>SMITH: No, I don't know.
I do believe it was in
North America somewhere.
>>DAVID: In an
underground facility then?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I think that
somehow they were discovered.
And I think they were
probably taken out
in some fashion in New
Mexico, Colorado area.
I don't know the specifics.
But they did bring
in multiple beings.
And these beings all
died of asphyxiation.
And their lungs were
completely burned out.
And some of their mucous
membranes and eyeballs
were completely burned out.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: So these
Ant scientists that
were there were
actually assisting,
trying to find out and see what
happened to these individuals.
>>DAVID: Now were the Ant people
in the room that were alive
the same types as the
ones that were dead?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes, the
exact same types.
And it was the first time
I've ever felt sorrow next
to an extraterrestrial.
>>DAVID: Really?
What was that like?
>>SMITH: It was
really upsetting.
That was-- sorry.
>>DAVID: It's OK.
We've heard from others that
you feel 100% empathy with them.
Like, if they lose
a leg you feel--
>>SMITH: You feel it.
>>DAVID: --like
your leg is lost.
If they lose a loved one, it's
like your own mother or father
died.
>>SMITH: Especially if you're
working with them a lot.
There's some sort of
frequency exchange.
Could last for weeks, could
last for years, where you
have this connection with them.
And it's-- and to relive
that is overwhelming,
whether it's good or bad.
And you also have dreams,
too, beautiful dreams.
>>DAVID: Do you know
if the being that
was in the autopsy room
with you had actually
known these people?
Was there a community?
Were these people their friends?
Or were they just--
>>SMITH: It was of the same
race and they did not know them
that I'm aware of and
did not show anything
that they knew them.
But just had an affinity
for their own kind
being so massacred.
>>DAVID: Did you ever
get any information
about where they come from,
or how did they get to Earth?
Did you get any
briefings like that?
>>SMITH: No.
I know their civilization
is pretty rampant
all over our solar
system and universe.
So--
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: I don't know
where they're exactly from.
I didn't read up on that as
much as the other species.
But they seem to have
been around a lot longer
than the human race.
>>DAVID: Could you describe
the color of their face?
Like when you--
>>SMITH: Oh, yeah, it's
like a blackish red,
kind of like a brick color.
And that brick color
can go in many shades.
And I've also seen a little
bit more yellow than red.
But they all have a similar
fading of the blackish red,
in and out through their
body and their legs and arms.
>>DAVID: Are there any
antenna on their heads?
>>SMITH: Yes.
They have antennas.
>>DAVID: What does
that look like?
>>SMITH: They're shorter than
you would see here on Earth
with the little antennas
that the ants are--
they could be thick, they
could be three inches,
they could be four
inches, five inches.
Not long like you
see on our Earth,
like these long antennas which
are like half of the body.
>>DAVID: You probably
don't know this,
but that's exactly
what Corey Goode said.
>>SMITH: I do not.
I never heard that.
And you guys know I don't
watch Corey or Pete Peterson.
So that's really
interesting he said that.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>SMITH: Because that,
you can't make that up.
>>DAVID: You can't make that up.
It's very cool.
>>SMITH: Cool.
>>DAVID: I didn't want to
give you a leading question.
>>SMITH: No, please, yeah.
>>DAVID: So when we
have a Mantis type being
in the autopsy room with you,
could you bring up for us
one specific example
where, let's describe
what the being that you
were autopsying was.
What was the mantis
being there for?
Why was that project being done?
>>SMITH: Well one of
the autopsies we did,
we had a mantis being with about
five other scientists in there.
And we were working on a
regular, actually a human.
But an extraterrestrial human
that was not from Earth,
that was born in somewhere else.
And they were a lot larger
than us, probably another foot
or two taller.
I think seven and a half
feet to say the least,
like the size of an NBA player.
And it was a very
white, albino looking
skinned blue-eyed
person that I don't know
why we were operating on him.
But they did bring the Mantis
in because the Mantis was
able to somehow
reactivate the brain
through electric stimulation
from them, even through a suit.
And can memory recall what
happened to the person
before they died.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And that's why
sometimes they are brought in.
And they're very docile,
very gentle beings.
And when it's not that
serious of a situation
they can be really funny.
>>DAVID: How much
like a mantis' face
would this face of
this being look like?
>>SMITH: Oh, it is dead on.
On the Mantis it is
dead on, that triangular
shape with the bulging eyes.
And it's all the same color.
Their face and eyes are
exactly the same color.
So it's a little weird.
They're usually a pale green.
And they can change
color at will.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
And it's neat to see
them in deep thought
when they're doing these
processes because it's
a wave of rainbow
light going back
and forth through their face.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: You kind of can get
mesmerized actually by it.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: I always love
when they do that.
I get so captivated.
And I'm looking at them through
the actual helmets that we use,
these large glass
spacesuit helmets.
And they're just so,
just amazing to look at,
especially when they move, too.
Like, I talked about these
other ET that moves so fluid.
But they're just more angled,
their visor is more angled.
They don't have the articulation
that we do in our joints.
It's usually one way or the
other, but very precise,
very precise.
>>DAVID: When we're looking
at hands on either an Ant
person or a Mantis person,
are they human looking hands?
Or what might be different?
>>SMITH: They have
five-- they all
have five fingers, the mantis.
The ants may have anywhere
from four to five fingers.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: But they are
fingers and they're jointed.
And they can move them.
They're just more
like pointy, and you
don't see any muscles in
them or anything like that.
It's just because of this
exoskeleton like the insects
we have here on Earth.
Feet are different, though.
Not the feet.
The feet do not have five toes.
>>DAVID: What do you see?
>>SMITH: Usually a two
toed type of appendage
on the bottom of their legs.
Yep, and it's very wide stance.
And those toes are very long.
Some can be up to 10 to 12
inches long, but only two.
Sometimes you'll see a
little back toe sticking out.
>>DAVID: The toe kind of
shoots forward like this?
>>SMITH: Exactly.
And then one little
back toe like a--
I don't even know
what to compare it to.
But you understand
there's a back one.
So it's a Y. Their feet
are like this Y shaped.
>>DAVID: So we've been
through, now, Mantis people.
We've been through
the Ant people.
simian people.
You also mentioned reptilians.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Now, the
reptilians that we've
heard about from Corey are
extremely antagonistic to us,
extremely violent,
extremely evil.
It doesn't sound like this is
the same thing in your case.
So could you tell us about,
what were the reptilians
that you saw?
And what were they here for?
>>SMITH: Well, the
reptilians that
were working on the projects
that I was involved with
were very intelligent.
They didn't have much
of a personality.
They're very
direct, very robust.
Not to be funny, but they
kind of look like a Sleestak
on the "Land of the
Lost," the old version.
And they stand
very erect and they
do have the same type
of toes and hands
that you would see
on the insectoids.
They're more like a three
toed, three prong hand.
But very dexterous, very
ambidextrous and dexterous.
They could grab things
just like we do.
And they're very
strong for their size.
You may see one anywhere
from six to ten feet tall.
They don't have any snout.
They have a regular
like human face, scaly.
But very large eyes, twice the
size of our eyes, with pupils
like us not the slits
you see in the movies.
It's under my
understanding that these
might be hybrid human reptilians
that were designed somewhere.
I did read a lot on
their space center
and the bootes region of the
Arcturus star system area,
where they have a
type of planet there
that was man made like you
would see in the movies
like "Death Star," where they
raise families and educate
these beings at
a very young age.
The families are very large.
The male and female might
have a minimum of 30 children.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yes.
And they have a gestation
that's a lot faster than ours.
It's not nine months.
It's like three months.
And their genitalia is also
retractable into their bodies.
So it's really hard to tell
if they're male or female.
>>DAVID: That's another thing
that Corey has independently
reported, yes, same thing.
>>SMITH: Interesting.
>>DAVID: So you said
that these beings
looked sort of like the
Sleestak on "Land of the Lost."
And I do remember
as a kid being very,
very freaked out
when I saw those.
>>SMITH: I was petrified of
those beings as a little child.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>SMITH: And they did it well.
I mean, they do look
like so intimidating.
They don't have muscles
in their face to smile
so they always have
the same expression.
And even though they're so,
they might be happy inside.
You would not know by their
face because it's always
the same expression.
So you can only know this by
communication and by feeling
their energy fields.
And another thing,
they didn't run around
like you see the Sleestaks
on the TV show like that are,
I mean, naked with no clothing.
They actually had a special suit
kind of like a Spandex fabric
that covered their whole body.
And I finally found out why
they wore these funny suits.
They looked really
funny in them,
because I was hoping to see
this naked Sleestak running
around right?
But no, it's not
like that at all.
It's very misleading.
It actually had
this Spandex suit
covering most of its body
except for the elbows
down and knees down.
And it was actually
to control this odor
that they had that's very
pungent, that's a pheromone
that they always release.
And anytime they get
really excited or happy
it actually just kind of
pours out of their body.
And this absorbs
it and neutralize
it using some sort
of ionic technology
that I'm not familiar with.
>>DAVID: Well, you
wouldn't know this
because you haven't watched the
show to not get contaminated.
But we've had Niara Isley,
we've had Pete Peterson,
and we've had Corey Goode
all report on the awful smell
that these beings have.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: So this was a way
for them to be more social,
I guess?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
They actually do
communicate a little bit.
Don't forget these beings can
breathe through their skin.
And these pheromones
are actually a way
of communicating with others.
And I heard that their
smell is so good--
and they do smell
with their tongue,
and they have a very
interesting tongue.
It's not split or anything
but it's very long.
But they don't ever
show that, by the way.
That's just something they
do, I think, when they eat.
And their eating is
also very interesting
because they only eat
like once a month.
And these smells and these
pheromones can be smelled,
they can smell this for
a few hundred miles.
It's like the
raptors and the birds
and the sharks of the
ocean that can pick up
on these small
molecules in the air.
Not to say one of
these reptilians
would completely contaminate
a 10 mile underground base
with their stench, but just
to say where they're from this
is another form of
communication of how
their emotion is at that point.
>>DAVID: It seems to me
from what you're saying now
that our military industrial
complex is already
deeply involved with benevolent
extraterrestrial species.
Do you think these
benevolent ETs
want to be known to the
rest of us at some point?
Do you think there is going
to be some kind of opening up
of the veils of secrecy?
>>SMITH: 1,000% they want this.
And I think by them doing
these humanitarian projects
to show their willingness
to help and work
with us, to learn their
customs and to learn
about their physiology,
is the first step
for human extraterrestrial
interaction and trust.
>>DAVID: Awesome.
Well Emery, I want to
thank you for being here.
>>SMITH: Thank
you for having me.
>>DAVID: You're very brave.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure" with
our special guest, Emery Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]